docs(s3): add an example to document how to upload a file to s3 (#368)
ForestAdmin/agent-nodejs: docs/SUMMARY.md

  - [Responses](agent-customization/actions/responses.md)
  - [Forms](agent-customization/actions/forms.md)
- [Charts](agent-customization/charts.md)
- [Examples](agent-customization/examples/README.md)

>   - [Upload to AWS S3 Bucket](agent-customization/examples/upload-file-to-s3.md)

Reviewer: Maybe a new section dedicated to example could be nice

>   - [Upload to AWS S3 Bucket](agent-customization/examples/upload-file-to-s3.md)

Author: yeah ok :)

  - [environments:reset](deployment/forest-cli-commands/environments-reset.md)
  - [deploy](deployment/forest-cli-commands/deploy.md)

## Examples

> - [Upload to AWS S3 Bucket](agent-customization/examples/upload-file-to-s3.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Upload a file to S3](agent-customization/examples/upload-file-to-s3.md)
```

(I'm a bit picky, but this is the filename containing the doc. It's a bit easier to find which file is which when the title is the same as the filename)
